Okay,
guys on Welcome back.
Never again.
Have a look at the sheet change event.
So again,
I'm added this workbook open thing by default just to let me to get to the procedure Drop
down box on from here.
I'm gonna choose sheet change so I can know safely delete this workbook open.
Okay?
This is where we're gonna be working in between the sub in the end sub here.
And I'm just gonna just by a simple message box and the message box is going to say you
change something,
close quote close brackets on my bare time measures box correctly.
So message box a go so message box,
you change something.
Now let's come back to here.
So so far,
so good.
I can happily click anywhere on this sheet.
But if I type something that effectively is a work book change and his enter,
you can see their little message box pop up that says you change something and literally
every time anything changes you can hit,
delete,
it will say you change something.
So there you go.
Now you may find a use for that,
but there is a much more powerful function that begin a commodity when we come on toe
worksheet events,
rather workbook events.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.